Augmented node template docs (#6721)
paritytech/substrate: bin/node-template/README.md

    functions identify some
    [well-known accounts](https://substrate.dev/docs/en/knowledgebase/integrate/subkey#well-known-keys)
    and use them to configure the blockchain's initial state.
-   [`service.rs`](./node/src/service.rs): This file defines the node implementation. Take note of
    the libraries that this file imports and the names of the functions it invokes. In particular,
    there are references to consensus-related topics, such as the
    [longest chain rule](https://substrate.dev/docs/en/knowledgebase/advanced/consensus#longest-chain-rule),
    the [Aura](https://substrate.dev/docs/en/knowledgebase/advanced/consensus#aura) block authoring
    mechanism and the
    [GRANDPA](https://substrate.dev/docs/en/knowledgebase/advanced/consensus#grandpa) finality
    gadget.

After the node has been [built](#build), refer to the embedded documentation to learn more about the
capabilities and configuration parameters that it exposes:

```shell
./target/release/node-template --help
```

### Runtime

The Substrate project in this repository uses the
[FRAME](https://substrate.dev/docs/en/knowledgebase/runtime/frame) framework to construct a

> blockchain runtime. This means that the code that defines the runtime is separated into modules
> called "pallets". At the heart of FRAME is a helpful

Reviewer: ```suggestion
blockchain runtime. FRAME allows you to declare domain-specific logic in modules called "pallets".
At the heart of FRAME is a helpful
```
